ROADMAP.md, before:

# Roadmap 📍

## Table of contents

* [Discovery](#Discovery)
* [Behavioral Analysis](#Behavioral-Analysis)
* [Sell-side Equity Research](#Sell-side-Equity-Research)
* [Fundamental Analysis](#Fundamental-Analysis)
* [Technical Analysis](#Technical-Analysis)
* [Due Diligence](#Due-Diligence)
* [Prediction Techniques](#Prediction-Techniques)
* [Reports](#Reports)
* [Comparison Analysis](#Comparison-Analysis)
* [Exploratory Data Analysis](#Exploratory-Data-Analysis)
* [Portfolio Analysis](#Portfolio-Analysis)
* [FRED](#FRED)
* [Options](#Options)
* [Credit Analysis](#Credit-Analysis)
* [Cryptocurrencies](#Cryptocurrencies)

## Additional
* [Backend](#Backend)
* [Frontend](#Frontend)
* [Developer Experience](#Developer-Experience)
* [User Experience](#User-Experience)

---

## Discovery

### Short term

- [x] Top Losers (@didier) - [PR #171](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/pull/171)
- [x] ARK orders (@aia) - [PR #140](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/pull/140)

### Long term

- [ ] Add screeners (@didier)

---

## Behavioral Analysis

### Short term

- [ ] Implement a better Twitter client (@aia)
- [x] Add FinBrain sentiment from news (@didier) - [PR #223](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/pull/223)

### Long term

- [ ] Add Stocktwits (@aia)

---

## Sell-side Equity Research

### Short term

### Long term

- [ ] Add logic to Equity pull data from Bank of America, Charles Schwab

---

## Fundamental Analysis

### Short term

- [x] Rearrange FA menu to have AV and FMP as submenus (@didier) - [PR #166](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/pull/166)

### Long term

---

## Technical Analysis

### Short term

- [ ] Add auto-recognition of major TA patterns (@didier)

### Long term

---

## Due Diligence

### Short term

### Long term

---

## Prediction Techniques

### Short term

- [x] Add several exponential smoothing techniques (@didier) - [PR #132](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/pull/132)
- [x] Allow backtesting (@didier) - [PR #169](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/pull/169)
- [x] Add averaging around multiple predictions (@didier) - [PR #252](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/pull/252)
- [ ] CNN 1D (@didier)

### Long term

- [ ] Combine Sentiment Analysis with Chart data - [IS #240](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/issues/240)
- [ ] Cross-Validation methods (Forward Chaining, K-Fold, Group K-Fold) (@didier)

---

## Reports

### Short term

* [ ] Expand Due Diligence report (@aia)
* [ ] Add multi-ticker comparison report (@aia)

### Long term

---

## Comparison Analysis

### Short term

* [x] Add multi-ticker historical data comparison (@didier) - [PR #141](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/pull/141)
* [x] Add multi-ticker financials comparison (@didier) - [PR #237](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/pull/237)
* [x] Add multi-ticker sentiment comparison (@didier) - [PR #250](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/pull/250)

### Long term

---

## Exploratory Data Analysis

### Short term

* [ ] Statistical techniques applied to a stock share price (e.g. decompose seasonality, trend, level, auto-correlation, cusum, ...) (@didier)
* [ ] Hypothesis tests (e.g. Kurtosis, Jarques-Bera, ARCH, ADF, ...) (@didier)

### Long term

---

## Portfolio Analysis

### Short term

- [x] Add alpaca (@jmaslek) - [PR #259](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/pull/229)
- [x] Add robinhood (@jmaslek) - [PR #229](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/pull/229)
- [ ] Add Brokers (td, webull, etc) (@jmaslek)
- [ ] Merge data from different brokers (@jmaslek)
- [ ] Refactoring

### Long term

- [ ] Summaries / tear sheets (@jmaslek)
- [ ] Portfolio Optimization (@jmaslek)


---

## FRED

### Short term

- [x] Implement Economic data (gpd, unemployment rate, ...) (@jmaslek) - [PR #167](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/pull/167)
### Long term

---

## Options

### Short term

- [x] Add Volume graph (@lolrenx) - [PR #209](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/pull/209)
- [x] Add Open Interest graph (@lolrenx) - [PR #209](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/pull/209)

### Long term

- [ ] Add max pain graph (@lolrenx)

---

## Credit Analysis

### Short term

### Long term

- [ ] Add FINRA
- [ ] Moodies data

---

## Cryptocurrencies

### Short term

- [ ] Add Coingecko
- [ ] Add [Coinpaprika](https://coinpaprika.com/api/)
- [ ] Add crypto charts

### Long term

---

## Backend

### Short term

### Long term

* [ ] Add caching
* [ ] APIs
* [ ] GraphQL

---

## Frontend

### Short term

- [x] Add terminal flair (@aia) - [PR #131](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/pull/131)
- [x] Prompt-toolkit (@ricleal) - [PR #142](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/pull/142)

### Long term

---

## Developer Experience

### Short term

- [x] Add Windows CI (@aia) - [PR #151](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/pull/151)
- [ ] Write a developer guide
- [ ] Add a docker CI
- [x] Add Feature Flags (@aia) - [PR #158](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/pull/158)
- [ ] Add ad-hoc builds

### Long term

---

## User Experience

### Short term

- [ ] Publish Docker

### Long term

- [ ] Add a WHL installation


---

Commit message:

Add export/save flag idea to README

ROADMAP.md, after:

# Roadmap 📍

## Table of contents

* [Discovery](#Discovery)
* [Behavioral Analysis](#Behavioral-Analysis)
* [Sell-side Equity Research](#Sell-side-Equity-Research)
* [Fundamental Analysis](#Fundamental-Analysis)
* [Technical Analysis](#Technical-Analysis)
* [Due Diligence](#Due-Diligence)
* [Prediction Techniques](#Prediction-Techniques)
* [Reports](#Reports)
* [Comparison Analysis](#Comparison-Analysis)
* [Exploratory Data Analysis](#Exploratory-Data-Analysis)
* [Portfolio Analysis](#Portfolio-Analysis)
* [FRED](#FRED)
* [Options](#Options)
* [Credit Analysis](#Credit-Analysis)
* [Cryptocurrencies](#Cryptocurrencies)

## Additional
* [Backend](#Backend)
* [Frontend](#Frontend)
* [Developer Experience](#Developer-Experience)
* [User Experience](#User-Experience)

---

## Discovery

### Short term

- [x] Top Losers (@didier) - [PR #171](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/pull/171)
- [x] ARK orders (@aia) - [PR #140](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/pull/140)

### Long term

- [ ] Add screeners (@didier)

---

## Behavioral Analysis

### Short term

- [ ] Implement a better Twitter client (@aia)
- [x] Add FinBrain sentiment from news (@didier) - [PR #223](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/pull/223)

### Long term

- [ ] Add Stocktwits (@aia)

---

## Sell-side Equity Research

### Short term

### Long term

- [ ] Add logic to Equity pull data from Bank of America, Charles Schwab

---

## Fundamental Analysis

### Short term

- [x] Rearrange FA menu to have AV and FMP as submenus (@didier) - [PR #166](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/pull/166)

### Long term

---

## Technical Analysis

### Short term

- [ ] Add auto-recognition of major TA patterns (@didier)

### Long term

---

## Due Diligence

### Short term

### Long term

---

## Prediction Techniques

### Short term

- [x] Add several exponential smoothing techniques (@didier) - [PR #132](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/pull/132)
- [x] Allow backtesting (@didier) - [PR #169](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/pull/169)
- [x] Add averaging around multiple predictions (@didier) - [PR #252](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/pull/252)
- [ ] CNN 1D (@didier)

### Long term

- [ ] Combine Sentiment Analysis with Chart data - [IS #240](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/issues/240)
- [ ] Cross-Validation methods (Forward Chaining, K-Fold, Group K-Fold) (@didier)

---

## Reports

### Short term

* [ ] Expand Due Diligence report (@aia)
* [ ] Add multi-ticker comparison report (@aia)

### Long term

---

## Comparison Analysis

### Short term

* [x] Add multi-ticker historical data comparison (@didier) - [PR #141](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/pull/141)
* [x] Add multi-ticker financials comparison (@didier) - [PR #237](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/pull/237)
* [x] Add multi-ticker sentiment comparison (@didier) - [PR #250](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/pull/250)

### Long term

---

## Exploratory Data Analysis

### Short term

* [ ] Statistical techniques applied to a stock share price (e.g. decompose seasonality, trend, level, auto-correlation, cusum, ...) (@didier)
* [ ] Hypothesis tests (e.g. Kurtosis, Jarques-Bera, ARCH, ADF, ...) (@didier)

### Long term

---

## Portfolio Analysis

### Short term

- [x] Add alpaca (@jmaslek) - [PR #259](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/pull/229)
- [x] Add robinhood (@jmaslek) - [PR #229](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/pull/229)
- [ ] Add Brokers (td, webull, etc) (@jmaslek)
- [ ] Merge data from different brokers (@jmaslek)
- [ ] Refactoring

### Long term

- [ ] Summaries / tear sheets (@jmaslek)
- [ ] Portfolio Optimization (@jmaslek)


---

## FRED

### Short term

- [x] Implement Economic data (gpd, unemployment rate, ...) (@jmaslek) - [PR #167](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/pull/167)
### Long term

---

## Options

### Short term

- [x] Add Volume graph (@lolrenx) - [PR #209](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/pull/209)
- [x] Add Open Interest graph (@lolrenx) - [PR #209](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/pull/209)

### Long term

- [ ] Add max pain graph (@lolrenx)

---

## Credit Analysis

### Short term

### Long term

- [ ] Add FINRA
- [ ] Moodies data

---

## Cryptocurrencies

### Short term

- [ ] Add Coingecko
- [ ] Add [Coinpaprika](https://coinpaprika.com/api/)
- [ ] Add crypto charts

### Long term

---

## Backend

### Short term

### Long term

* [ ] Add caching
* [ ] APIs
* [ ] GraphQL

---

## Frontend

### Short term

- [x] Add terminal flair (@aia) - [PR #131](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/pull/131)
- [x] Prompt-toolkit (@ricleal) - [PR #142](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/pull/142)

### Long term

---

## Developer Experience

### Short term

- [x] Add Windows CI (@aia) - [PR #151](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/pull/151)
- [ ] Write a developer guide
- [ ] Add a docker CI
- [x] Add Feature Flags (@aia) - [PR #158](https://github.com/DidierRLopes/GamestonkTerminal/pull/158)
- [ ] Add ad-hoc builds

### Long term

---

## User Experience

### Short term

- [ ] Publish Docker
- [ ] Most commands to have export flag to save output into csv/txt file
- [ ] Most commands to have save flag to save image into png/jpg file

### Long term

- [ ] Add a WHL installation


---
