website/content/cryptocurrency/find/_index.md, before:

```
usage: find [-c COIN] [-k {id,symbol,name}] [-t TOP] [--source {cp,cg,bin,cb}] [--export {csv,json,xlsx}] [-h]
```

Find similar coin by coin name,symbol or id. If you don't remember exact name or id of the Coin at CoinGecko, Binance, Coinbase or CoinPaprika you
can use this command to display coins with similar name, symbol or id to your search query. Example of usage: coin name is something like "polka". So
I can try: find -c polka -k name -t 25 It will search for coin that has similar name to polka and display top 25 matches. -c, --coin stands for coin
- you provide here your search query -k, --key it's a searching key. You can search by symbol, id or name of coin -t, --top it displays top N number
of records.

```
optional arguments:
  -c COIN, --coin COIN  Symbol Name or Id of Coin (default: None)
  -k {id,symbol,name}, --key {id,symbol,name}
                        Specify by which column you would like to search: symbol, name, id (default: symbol)
  -t TOP, --top TOP     Limit of records (default: 10)
  --source {cp,cg,bin,cb}
                        Source of data. (default: cg)
  --export {csv,json,xlsx}
                        Export dataframe data to csv,json,xlsx file (default: )
  -h, --help            show this help message (default: False)
```

Commit message:

Crypto features: Replace coingecko scrapping (#1156)
* replaced cgcategories with api

* added coingecko categories

* refactoring commands to use api, added coins to cryptocontroller and merged find and coins

* autocompletion for coins

* removed unused vars

* added dappradar features

* refactoring commands position

* refactoring commands position

* adding visual commands and fixed report

* skipped tests for now

* lint notebook

* correct report

* black formatter keeps crying because notebook

* removed unused imports

* Fixed black

* Keep kernel metadata 'cause it's required by papermill

* Change jupyter cleanup hook to one based on nbconvert

* Try fix the hook I just broke

* Fix trailing commas in the crypto notebook

* Change the jupyter hook to a one that's featured on pre-commit's page

* Format report notebook and test new notebook hook

* Black the notebook

* Remove deleted functions from the crypto discovery API

* Remove deleted functions from the crypto overview API

* replaced print for console print and removed print from table

* replaced print for console print and removed print from table

* auto completion + sort for all discovery commands

* replacing help messages

* fix linting

* added docs and removed unused commands

* added todos and fixed help messages

* lint

* pr issues fixed

* updated tests

* tests merge

* replaced with new rich table function

Co-authored-by: Colin Delahunty <colin99delahunty@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Theodore Aptekarev <aptekarev@gmail.com>

website/content/cryptocurrency/find/_index.md, after:

```
usage: find [-c COIN] [-k {id,symbol,name}] [-t TOP] [--source {cp,cg,bin,cb}] [--export {csv,json,xlsx}] [-h]
```

Find similar coin by coin name,symbol or id. If you don't remember exact name or id of the Coin at CoinGecko, Binance, Coinbase or CoinPaprika you
can use this command to display coins with similar name, symbol or id to your search query. Example of usage: coin name is something like "polka". So
I can try: find -c polka -k name -t 25 It will search for coin that has similar name to polka and display top 25 matches. -c, --coin stands for coin

- you provide here your search query -k, --key it's a searching key. You can search by symbol, id or name of coin -t, --top it displays top N number
  of records.

```
optional arguments:
  -c COIN, --coin COIN  Symbol Name or Id of Coin (default: None)
  -k {id,symbol,name}, --key {id,symbol,name}
                        Specify by which column you would like to search: symbol, name, id (default: symbol)
  -t TOP, --top TOP     Limit of records (default: 10)
  --source {cp,cg,bin,cb}
                        Source of data. (default: cg)
  --export {csv,json,xlsx}
                        Export dataframe data to csv,json,xlsx file (default: )
  -h, --help            show this help message (default: False)
```

```
usage: coins [-c COIN] [-s SKIP] [-l N] [--source SOURCE] [--export {csv,json,xlsx}] [-h]
```

Shows list of coins available on CoinGecko, CoinPaprika and Binance.If you provide name of coin then in result you will see ids of coins with best
match for all mentioned services. If you provide ALL keyword in your search query, then all coins will be displayed. To move over coins you can use
pagination mechanism with skip, top params. E.g. coins ALL --skip 100 --limit 30 then all coins from 100 to 130 will be displayed. By default skip =
0, limit = 10. If you won't provide source of the data everything will be displayed (CoinGecko, CoinPaprika, Binance). If you want to search only in
given source then use --source flag. E.g. if you want to find coin with name uniswap on CoinPaprika then use: coins uniswap --source cp --limit 10

```
optional arguments:
  -c COIN, --coin COIN  Coin you search for (default: None)
  -s SKIP, --skip SKIP  Skip n of records (default: 0)
  -l N, --limit N       display N records (default: 10)
  --source SOURCE       Source of data. (default: None)
  --export {csv,json,xlsx}
                        Export dataframe data to csv,json,xlsx file (default: )
  -h, --help            show this help message (default: False)
```
