website/content/cryptocurrency/discovery/cglosers/_index.md, before:

```
usage: cglosers [-p {1h,24h,7d,14d,30d,60d,1y}] [-l N] [-s {Rank,Symbol,Name,Volume,Price,Change}] [--descend] [-l] [--export {csv,json,xlsx}] [-h]
```

Shows Largest Losers - coins which price dropped the most in given period You can use parameter --period to set which timeframe are you interested
in: 1h, 24h, 7d, 14d, 30d, 60d, 1y You can look on only top N number of records with --top, You can sort by Rank, Symbol, Name, Volume, Price, Change
with --sort and also with --descend flag to sort descending. Flag --urls will display one additional column with all coingecko urls for listed
coins.

```
optional arguments:
  -p {1h,24h,7d,14d,30d,60d,1y}, --period {1h,24h,7d,14d,30d,60d,1y}
                        time period, one from [1h, 24h, 7d, 14d, 30d, 60d, 1y] (default: 1h)
  -l N, --limit N       display N records (default: 15)
  -s {Rank,Symbol,Name,Volume,Price,Change}, --sort {Rank,Symbol,Name,Volume,Price,Change}
                        Sort by given column. Default: Rank (default: Rank)
  --descend             Flag to sort in descending order (lowest first) (default: True)
  -u, --urls           Flag to show urls. If you will use that flag you will additional column with urls (default: False)
  --export {csv,json,xlsx}
                        Export dataframe data to csv,json,xlsx file (default: )
  -h, --help            show this help message (default: False)
```

Commit message:

Crypto features: Replace coingecko scrapping (#1156)
* replaced cgcategories with api

* added coingecko categories

* refactoring commands to use api, added coins to cryptocontroller and merged find and coins

* autocompletion for coins

* removed unused vars

* added dappradar features

* refactoring commands position

* refactoring commands position

* adding visual commands and fixed report

* skipped tests for now

* lint notebook

* correct report

* black formatter keeps crying because notebook

* removed unused imports

* Fixed black

* Keep kernel metadata 'cause it's required by papermill

* Change jupyter cleanup hook to one based on nbconvert

* Try fix the hook I just broke

* Fix trailing commas in the crypto notebook

* Change the jupyter hook to a one that's featured on pre-commit's page

* Format report notebook and test new notebook hook

* Black the notebook

* Remove deleted functions from the crypto discovery API

* Remove deleted functions from the crypto overview API

* replaced print for console print and removed print from table

* replaced print for console print and removed print from table

* auto completion + sort for all discovery commands

* replacing help messages

* fix linting

* added docs and removed unused commands

* added todos and fixed help messages

* lint

* pr issues fixed

* updated tests

* tests merge

* replaced with new rich table function

Co-authored-by: Colin Delahunty <colin99delahunty@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Theodore Aptekarev <aptekarev@gmail.com>

website/content/cryptocurrency/discovery/cglosers/_index.md, after:

```
usage: cglosers [-p {14d,1h,1y,200d,24h,30d,7d}] [-l N] [-s {Symbol,Name,Price [$],Market Cap [$],Market Cap Rank,Volume [$]}] [--descend] [-l] [--export {csv,json,xlsx}] [-h]
```

Shows Largest Losers - coins which price dropped the most in given period You can use parameter --period to set which timeframe are you interested
in: {14d,1h,1y,200d,24h,30d,7d} You can look on only top N number of records with --top, You can sort by {Symbol,Name,Price [$],Market Cap [$],Market Cap Rank,Volume [$]} with --sort

```
optional arguments:
  -p {14d,1h,1y,200d,24h,30d,7d}, --period {14d,1h,1y,200d,24h,30d,7d}
                        time period, one from {14d,1h,1y,200d,24h,30d,7d} (default: 1h)
  -l N, --limit N       display N records (default: 15)
  -s {Symbol,Name,Price [$],Market Cap [$],Market Cap Rank,Volume [$]}, --sort {Symbol,Name,Price [$],Market Cap [$],Market Cap Rank,Volume [$]}
                        Sort by given column. (default: Market Cap Rank)
  --export {csv,json,xlsx}
                        Export dataframe data to csv,json,xlsx file (default: )
  -h, --help            show this help message (default: False)
```
