gamestonk_terminal/cryptocurrency/README.md, before:

# Cryptocurrency

This page gives an overview of the ability to load cryptocurrency data.

Current crypto  data is [Powered by CoinGecko API](#https://www.coingecko.com/en).  
This is an awesome service that currently requires no API Key!

Current functionality is aimed to be similar to loading a stock ticker.

* [load](#load)
* [view](#view)
* [top](#top)

## load  <a name="load"></a>
Load a given coin vs a given currency:

````
usage: load [-c --coin] [-d --days] [--vs]
````
* -c/--coin The coin you wish to load.  This can either be the symbol or the name.  `load -c btc` and `load -c bitcoin` 
  will load.  The -c flag is optional,  the above is equivalent to `load btc`.
  
* -d/--days The number of days to look.  Defaults to 30 days.  As per the API: Minutely data will be used for duration within 1 day, 
  Hourly data will be used for duration between 1 day and 90 days, Daily data will be used for duration above 90 days.

* --vs The currency to look against.  Defaults to "usd".

Currently only retrieves price, not volume or MarketCap.

Example doge/eur for the past day:
````
load -c doge -d 1 --vs eur
````

## view  <a name="view"></a>
Plot the loaded crypto data.
````
usage: view
````
After loading the above 1 day dogecoin/eur.  Running view plots the data:

![doge](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18151143/112690617-7832f500-8e52-11eb-84c4-253ab222a918.png)


## top <a name="top"></a>
This command displays the top n cryptocurrencies from coinmarketcap.com.  The list appears to be sorted by Mar

````
top [-n] [-s --sort SORTBY] [--descend]
````
* -n: Number of coins to look at (after sort).  Defaults to 10.
* -s/--sort : Column to sort by. One of {Symbol,CMC_Rank,LastPrice,DayPctChange,MarketCap}. Defaults to sorting by the CMC rank.
* --descend : Flag to change the sorting order.  Sorts in ascending order (since default order is the Rank which starts at 1).

Example usage to get the CMC top 100, then show the top 4 highest Percent Day Change

![im](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18151143/115587223-6bf85700-a29b-11eb-9d96-cb4239b7c2d0.png)

Commit message:

Keep README in line with others

gamestonk_terminal/cryptocurrency/README.md, after:

# CRYPTOCURRENCY

This menu aims to explore crypto world, and the usage of the following commands along with an example will be exploited below.

* [load](#load)
  * load a given coin vs a given currency [CoinGecko]
* [view](#view)
  * plot the loaded crypto data
* [top](#top)
  * view top coins from coinmarketcap [coinmarketcap.com] 


## load  <a name="load"></a>

````
usage: load [-c --coin] [-d --days] [--vs]
````

Load a given coin vs a given currency. Currently only retrieves price, not volume or MarketCap. The current crypto  data is [Powered by CoinGecko API](#https://www.coingecko.com/en), which is an awesome service that currently requires no API Key! 

* -c/--coin The coin you wish to load.  This can either be the symbol or the name.  `load -c btc` and `load -c bitcoin` 
  will load.  The -c flag is optional,  the above is equivalent to `load btc`.
* -d/--days The number of days to look.  Defaults to 30 days.  As per the API: Minutely data will be used for duration within 1 day, 
  Hourly data will be used for duration between 1 day and 90 days, Daily data will be used for duration above 90 days.
* --vs The currency to look against.  Defaults to "usd".


## view  <a name="view"></a>

````
usage: view
````

Plot the loaded crypto data.

![crypto_view](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/115787452-20889a80-a3ba-11eb-9216-f7fd1ffc98cf.png)


## top <a name="top"></a>

````
top [-n] [-s --sort SORTBY] [--descend]
````

This command displays the top n cryptocurrencies from coinmarketcap.com.

* -n: Number of coins to look at (after sort).  Defaults to 10.
* -s/--sort : Column to sort by. One of {Symbol,CMC_Rank,LastPrice,DayPctChange,MarketCap}. Defaults to sorting by the CMC rank.
* --descend : Flag to change the sorting order.  Sorts in ascending order (since default order is the Rank which starts at 1).

<img width="990" alt="crypto" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/115787544-4746d100-a3ba-11eb-9433-b7cb9142404a.png">
