discordbot/README.md, before:

# Discord Bot - WORK IN PROGRESS

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<summary><h2 style="display: inline-block">Table of Contents</h2></summary>
<ol>
  <li><a href="#install-requirements">Install Requirements</a></li>
  <li><a href="#registering-applications">Registering Applications</a></li>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#discord">Discord</a></li>
    <li><a href="#imgur">Imgur</a></li>
  </ul>
  <li><a href="#discord-configs">Discord Configs</a></li>
  <li><a href="#run-locally">Run Locally</a></li>
  <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
  <li><a href="#bugs">Bugs</a></li>
</ol>


## Install Requirements

This tutorial assumes that you have successfully installed Gamestonk Terminal.

Next, go into the discordbot folder with `cd discordbot` and install the following packages:
```
pip install discord
pip install discord_components
pip install pyimgur
```

## Registering Applications

### DISCORD

1. Login into your discord account in https://discord.com/developers/applications 
2. On the "Applications" tab, select "New Application" and name it something like "GST Bot". This will create a new application.
3. For creating a bot, we need to go into the "GST Bot" application previously created, and on the "Bot" tab select "Add Bot". Note: On this same page you can manage the bot permissions with regards to the server it will be added.
4. Next we need to obtain the "Client ID". For that we choose the "OAuth2" tab and copy our "Client ID" under "Client".
5. At this stage the bot is created and we are ready to invite it to one of our servers. To do so we need to access:
https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=CLIENTID&scope=bot, where **CLIENTID** is replaced by the value copied above. 
6. If everything went well, you should see a window popup where the Bot that was just created asks to which of your own servers do you want to add it to.

**NOTE:** If you haven't managed the bot permissions on the Bot tab previously you can do it via this link generator https://discordapi.com/permissions.html   

### IMGUR

1. Login into your https://imgur.com account. Create one if you don't have it.
2. Access https://api.imgur.com/oauth2/addclient to create your application.
3. Select "OAuth 2 authorization without a callback URL" when creating such.
4. You will receive a client ID and client secret once you submit the form. 

**NOTE:** Registering is free for all open source projects and if your discord bot uses fewer than 1250 uploads per day. 

## Discord Configs

In order to config the discord bot you will need to edit the [config_discordbot.py](gamestonk_terminal/config_discordbot.py) file.

1. Edit the path to the terminal by changing the variable `GST_PATH`. E.g.
```
GST_PATH = os.path.join("~", "Documents", "GamestonkTerminal")
sys.path.append(GST_PATH)
```

2. Update `DISCORD_BOT_TOKEN` using discord bot CLIENT ID obtained previously in [discord](#discord).

2. Update `IMGUR_CLIENT_ID` using imgur application CLIENT ID obtained previously in [imgur](#imgur).

#### Advanced

Other parameters that can be configured are:

- **DEBUG**: Shows a debug message on the terminal console of what's happening on the discord bot from the server side.
- **COMMAND_PREFIX**: Command prefix to be used when calling the bot from the discord server.
- **DATE_FORMAT**: Selects date format to be used as parameter on the discord bot.
- **COLOR**: Changes color of the bot messages replies on the discord server.
- **MENU_TIMEOUT**: Timeout in seconds to allow user to select options when a menu command is invoked from the discord bot.
- **AUTHOR_NAME**: Name of the discord bot in the server.
- **AUTHOR_ICON_URL**: Icon displayed on the discord bot replies on the server.

## Run Locally

Just run the discord bot from this folder with:
```
python discordbot.py
```

Now, you should be ready to invoke the discord bot from server using something like:

```
!stocks.dps TSLA
```

<img width="1211" alt="Screenshot 2021-10-18 at 00 21 30" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/137649138-8d8158c5-1b76-49bc-928f-694d7005d94d.png">


## Contributing

See more in [CONTRIBUTING.md](discordbot/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Bugs

If an error occurs, use `DEBUG=True` on the [config_discordbot.py](gamestonk_terminal/config_discordbot.py) file.

Then, report what is the issue with the console output attached either by:
- [Opening an issue on github](https://github.com/GamestonkTerminal/GamestonkTerminal/issues/new/choose)
- Contacting either `DidierRLopes` (@SexyYear) or `northern-64bit`

Commit message:

Improve discord docs (#836)
* add relative path to the terminal

* add troubleshoot message to README

* minor fix

* Update labels.yml

discordbot/README.md, after:

# Discord Bot - WORK IN PROGRESS

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<summary><h2 style="display: inline-block">Table of Contents</h2></summary>
<ol>
  <li><a href="#install-requirements">Install Requirements</a></li>
  <li><a href="#registering-applications">Registering Applications</a></li>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#discord">Discord</a></li>
    <li><a href="#imgur">Imgur</a></li>
  </ul>
  <li><a href="#discord-configs">Discord Configs</a></li>
  <li><a href="#run-locally">Run Locally</a></li>
  <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
  <li><a href="#bugs">Bugs</a></li>
</ol>


## Install Requirements

This tutorial assumes that you have successfully installed Gamestonk Terminal.

Next, go into the discordbot folder with `cd discordbot` and install the following packages:
```
pip install discord
pip install discord_components
pip install pyimgur
```

## Registering Applications

### DISCORD

1. Login into your discord account in https://discord.com/developers/applications 
2. On the "Applications" tab, select "New Application" and name it something like "GST Bot". This will create a new application.
3. For creating a bot, we need to go into the "GST Bot" application previously created, and on the "Bot" tab select "Add Bot". Note: On this same page you can manage the bot permissions with regards to the server it will be added.
4. Next we need to obtain the "Client ID". For that we choose the "OAuth2" tab and copy our "Client ID" under "Client".
5. At this stage the bot is created and we are ready to invite it to one of our servers. To do so we need to access:
https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=CLIENTID&scope=bot, where **CLIENTID** is replaced by the value copied above. 
6. If everything went well, you should see a window popup where the Bot that was just created asks to which of your own servers do you want to add it to.

**NOTE:** If you haven't managed the bot permissions on the Bot tab previously you can do it via this link generator https://discordapi.com/permissions.html   

### IMGUR

1. Login into your https://imgur.com account. Create one if you don't have it.
2. Access https://api.imgur.com/oauth2/addclient to create your application.
3. Select "OAuth 2 authorization without a callback URL" when creating such.
4. You will receive a client ID and client secret once you submit the form. 

**NOTE:** Registering is free for all open source projects and if your discord bot uses fewer than 1250 uploads per day. 

## Discord Configs

In order to config the discord bot you will need to edit the [config_discordbot.py](gamestonk_terminal/config_discordbot.py) file.

1. Edit the path to the terminal by changing the variable `GST_PATH`. E.g.
```
GST_PATH = os.path.join("~", "Documents", "GamestonkTerminal")
sys.path.append(GST_PATH)
```

2. Update `DISCORD_BOT_TOKEN` using discord bot CLIENT ID obtained previously in [discord](#discord).

2. Update `IMGUR_CLIENT_ID` using imgur application CLIENT ID obtained previously in [imgur](#imgur).

#### Advanced

Other parameters that can be configured are:

- **DEBUG**: Shows a debug message on the terminal console of what's happening on the discord bot from the server side.
- **COMMAND_PREFIX**: Command prefix to be used when calling the bot from the discord server.
- **DATE_FORMAT**: Selects date format to be used as parameter on the discord bot.
- **COLOR**: Changes color of the bot messages replies on the discord server.
- **MENU_TIMEOUT**: Timeout in seconds to allow user to select options when a menu command is invoked from the discord bot.
- **AUTHOR_NAME**: Name of the discord bot in the server.
- **AUTHOR_ICON_URL**: Icon displayed on the discord bot replies on the server.

## Run Locally

Just run the discord bot from this folder with:
```
python discordbot.py
```

Now, you should be ready to invoke the discord bot from server using something like:

```
!stocks.dps TSLA
```

<img width="1211" alt="Screenshot 2021-10-18 at 00 21 30" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/137649138-8d8158c5-1b76-49bc-928f-694d7005d94d.png">


## Contributing

See more in [CONTRIBUTING.md](discordbot/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Bugs

If when trying to run the discord bot you receive the following error
```
ssl.SSLError: [SSL: CERTIFICATE_VERIFY_FAILED] certificate verify failed
```
The solution is to browse to `Applications/Python 3.x` and double-click `Install Certificates.command`.

If an error occurs, use `DEBUG=True` on the [config_discordbot.py](gamestonk_terminal/config_discordbot.py) file.

Then, report what is the issue with the console output attached either by:
- [Opening an issue on github](https://github.com/GamestonkTerminal/GamestonkTerminal/issues/new/choose)
- Contacting either `DidierRLopes` (@SexyYear) or `northern-64bit`
