gamestonk_terminal/behavioural_analysis/README.md, before:

# BEHAVIOURAL ANALYSIS

This menu aims to extrapolate behavioural analysis regarding a pre-loaded ticker, and the usage of the following commands along with an example will be exploited below.

[REDDIT](#REDDIT)
  * [wsb](#wsb)
    - show what WSB gang is up to in subreddit wallstreetbets
  * [watchlist](#watchlist)
    - show other users watchlist
  * [popular](#popular)
    - show popular tickers
  * [spac_c](#spac_c)
    - show other users spacs announcements from subreddit SPACs community
  * [spac](#spac)
    - show other users spacs announcements from other subs

[STOCKTWITS](#STOCKTWITS)
  * [bullbear](#bullbear)
    - estimate quick sentiment from last 30 messages on board
  * [messages](#messages)
    - output up to the 30 last messages on the board
  * [trending](#trending)
    - trending stocks
  * [stalker](#stalker)
    - stalk stocktwits user's last messages

[TWITTER](#TWITTER)
  * [infer](#infer)
    - infer about stock's sentiment from latest tweets
  * [sentiment](#sentiment)
    - in-depth sentiment prediction from tweets over time

[GOOGLE](#GOOGLE)
  * [mentions](#mentions)
    - interest over time based on stock's mentions
  * [regions](#regions)
    - regions that show highest interest in stock
  * [queries](#queries)
    - top related queries with this stock
  * [rise](#rise)
    - top rising related queries with stock


# REDDIT <a name="REDDIT"></a>

## wsb <a name="wsb"></a>
```
usage: wsb [-l N_LIMIT] [-n]
```
Print what WSB gang are up to in subreddit wallstreetbets. [Source: Reddit]
  * -l : limit of posts to print. Default 10.
  * -n : new flag, if true the posts retrieved are based on being more recent rather than their score. Default False.

<img width="947" alt="wsb" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/108612074-d5afce00-73dc-11eb-80ca-8ecfad12020c.png">


## watchlist <a name="watchlist"></a>
```
usage: watchlist [-l N_LIMIT]
```
Print other users watchlist. [Source: Reddit]
  * -l : limit of posts to print. Default 5.

<img width="941" alt="watchlist" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/108920576-caeb7800-762c-11eb-937c-94ecbb65d119.png">


## popular <a name="popular"></a>
```
usage: popular [-l N_LIMIT] [-s S_SUBREDDIT] [-d N_DAYS]
```
Print latest popular tickers. [Source: Reddit]
  * -l : limit of posts retrieved per sub reddit. Default 50.
  * -s : subreddits to look for tickers, e.g. pennystocks,stocks. Default: pennystocks, RobinHoodPennyStocks, Daytrading, StockMarket, stocks, investing, wallstreetbets.
  * -d : look for the tickers from those n past days. Default 1.

<img width="948" alt="popular" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/108917846-4dbe0400-7628-11eb-821e-9fda97a6d9cd.png">


## spac_c <a name="spac_c"></a>
```
usage: spac_c [-l N_LIMIT] [-p]
```
Print other users SPACs announcement under subreddit 'SPACs'. [Source: Reddit]
  * -l : limit of posts with SPACs retrieved. Default 10.
  * -p : popular flag, if true the posts retrieved are based on score rather than time. Default False.

<img width="936" alt="spac_c" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/108920571-c8891e00-762c-11eb-8da8-e2b775bc7109.png">


## spac <a name="spac"></a>
```
usage: spac [-h] [-l N_LIMIT] [-d N_DAYS]
```
Print other users SPACs announcement under subreddit 'SPACs'. [Source: Reddit]
  * -l : limit of posts with SPACs retrieved. Default 5.
  * -d : look for the tickers from those n past days.. Default 5.

<img width="939" alt="spac" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/108920696-04bc7e80-762d-11eb-896b-1b1c19903584.png">


# STOCKTWITS <a name="STOCKTWITS"></a>

## bullbear <a name="bullbear"></a>
```
usage: bullbear [-t S_TICKER]
```
Print bullbear sentiment based on last 30 messages on the board. Also prints the watchlist_count. [Source: Stocktwits]
  * -t : ticker to gather sentiment from.

<img width="934" alt="sentiment" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/108612307-42c46300-73df-11eb-9cec-253c8fb6d62f.png">


## messages <a name="messages"></a>
```
usage: messages [-t S_TICKER] [-l N_LIM]
```
Print up to 30 of the last messages on the board. [Source: Stocktwits]
  * -t : get board messages from this ticker. Default pre-loaded.
  * -l : limit messages shown. Default 30.

<img width="958" alt="messages" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/108612310-448e2680-73df-11eb-8fa8-b619c6269742.png">


## trending <a name="trending"></a>
```
usage: trending
```
Stocks trending. [Source: Stocktwits]

<img width="956" alt="trending" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/108612311-4526bd00-73df-11eb-840b-18829fcecdd3.png">


## stalker <a name="stalker"></a>
```
usage: stalker [-u S_USER] [-l N_LIM]
```
Print up to the last 30 messages of a user. [Source: Stocktwits]
  * -u : username. Default newsfilter.
  * -l : limit messages shown. Default 30.

<img width="943" alt="stalker" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/108612309-435cf980-73df-11eb-92c9-e9f15f966d8e.png">


# TWITTER <a name="TWITTER"></a>

## infer <a name="infer"></a>
```
usage: infer [-n N_NUM]
```
Print quick sentiment inference from last tweets that contain the ticker. This model splits the text into character-level tokens and uses the DistilBERT model to make predictions. DistilBERT is a distilled version of the powerful BERT transformer model. Not only time period of these, but also frequency. Inspired by https://towardsdatascience.com/sentiment-analysis-for-stock-price-prediction-in-python-bed40c65d178. [Source: Twitter]
  * -n : num of latest tweets to infer from. Default 100.

<img width="948" alt="Captura de ecrã 2021-02-22, às 00 18 22" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/108643679-808abf80-74a3-11eb-9b50-899be0a4799f.png">

## sentiment <a name="sentiment"></a>
```
usage: sentiment [-n N_NUM] [-d N_DAYS_PAST]
```
Plot in-depth sentiment extracted from tweets from last days that contain pre-defined ticker. This model splits the text into character-level tokens and uses the DistilBERT model to make predictions. DistilBERT is a distilled version of the powerful BERT transformer model. Note that a big num of tweets extracted per hour in conjunction with a high number of days in the past, will make the algorithm take a long period of time to estimate sentiment. Inspired by https://towardsdatascience.com/sentiment-analysis-for-stock-price-prediction-in-python-bed40c65d178. [Source: Twitter]
  * -n : num of tweets to extract per hour. Default 100.
  * -d : num of days in the past to extract tweets. Default 7.

<img width="949" alt="Captura de ecrã 2021-02-22, às 00 15 20" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/108643678-7ff22900-74a3-11eb-9bea-54f84ffe42e1.png">

![nvda](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/108643604-2ab61780-74a3-11eb-950b-ba0bbec8293e.png)

Additional examples:

![bb](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/108643608-2db10800-74a3-11eb-838c-3db6ec2be9aa.png)

![tsla](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/108643609-2e499e80-74a3-11eb-8fa8-489ea15b27c4.png)


# GOOGLE

## mentions <a name="mentions"></a>
```
usage: mentions [-s S_START]
```
Plot weekly bars of stock's interest over time. other users watchlist. [Source: Google]
  * -s : starting date (format YYYY-MM-DD) from when we are interested in stock's mentions. Default: the one provided in main menu.

![gme](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/108776894-e9813e80-755a-11eb-8b7e-654124c0ef8f.png)


## regions <a name="regions"></a>
```
usage: regions [-n N_NUM]
```
Plot bars of regions based on stock's interest. [Source: Google]
  * -n : number of regions to plot that show highest interest. Default 10.

![regions](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/108776889-e8e8a800-755a-11eb-8bcc-fcf7b6156f50.png)


## queries <a name="queries"></a>
```
usage: queries [-n N_NUM]
```
Print top related queries with this stock's query. [Source: Google]
  * -n : number of top related queries to print. Default 10.

<img width="937" alt="Captura de ecrã 2021-02-22, às 22 15 16" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/108777341-91970780-755b-11eb-985e-819285688eea.png">


## rise <a name="rise"></a>
```
usage: rise [-n N_NUM]
```
Print top rising related queries with this stock's query. [Source: Google]
  * -n : number of top rising related queries to print. Default 10.

<img width="934" alt="Captura de ecrã 2021-02-22, às 22 21 21" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/108777814-4f21fa80-755c-11eb-96da-0327c9a0da57.png">

Commit message:

improve finbrain cosmetics and add to readme

gamestonk_terminal/behavioural_analysis/README.md, after:

# BEHAVIOURAL ANALYSIS

This menu aims to extrapolate behavioural analysis regarding a pre-loaded ticker, and the usage of the following commands along with an example will be exploited below.

  * [finbrain](#finbrain)

[REDDIT](#REDDIT)
  * [wsb](#wsb)
    - show what WSB gang is up to in subreddit wallstreetbets
  * [watchlist](#watchlist)
    - show other users watchlist
  * [popular](#popular)
    - show popular tickers
  * [spac_c](#spac_c)
    - show other users spacs announcements from subreddit SPACs community
  * [spac](#spac)
    - show other users spacs announcements from other subs

[STOCKTWITS](#STOCKTWITS)
  * [bullbear](#bullbear)
    - estimate quick sentiment from last 30 messages on board
  * [messages](#messages)
    - output up to the 30 last messages on the board
  * [trending](#trending)
    - trending stocks
  * [stalker](#stalker)
    - stalk stocktwits user's last messages

[TWITTER](#TWITTER)
  * [infer](#infer)
    - infer about stock's sentiment from latest tweets
  * [sentiment](#sentiment)
    - in-depth sentiment prediction from tweets over time

[GOOGLE](#GOOGLE)
  * [mentions](#mentions)
    - interest over time based on stock's mentions
  * [regions](#regions)
    - regions that show highest interest in stock
  * [queries](#queries)
    - top related queries with this stock
  * [rise](#rise)
    - top rising related queries with stock


## finbrain <a name="finbrain"></a>
```
usage: finbrain
```
FinBrain collects the news headlines from 15+ major financial news sources on a daily basis and analyzes them to generate sentiment scores for more than 4500 US stocks. FinBrain Technologies develops deep learning algorithms for financial analysis and prediction, which currently serves traders from more than 150 countries all around the world. [Source: See https://finbrain.tech]


# REDDIT <a name="REDDIT"></a>

## wsb <a name="wsb"></a>
```
usage: wsb [-l N_LIMIT] [-n]
```
Print what WSB gang are up to in subreddit wallstreetbets. [Source: Reddit]
  * -l : limit of posts to print. Default 10.
  * -n : new flag, if true the posts retrieved are based on being more recent rather than their score. Default False.

<img width="947" alt="wsb" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/108612074-d5afce00-73dc-11eb-80ca-8ecfad12020c.png">


## watchlist <a name="watchlist"></a>
```
usage: watchlist [-l N_LIMIT]
```
Print other users watchlist. [Source: Reddit]
  * -l : limit of posts to print. Default 5.

<img width="941" alt="watchlist" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/108920576-caeb7800-762c-11eb-937c-94ecbb65d119.png">


## popular <a name="popular"></a>
```
usage: popular [-l N_LIMIT] [-s S_SUBREDDIT] [-d N_DAYS]
```
Print latest popular tickers. [Source: Reddit]
  * -l : limit of posts retrieved per sub reddit. Default 50.
  * -s : subreddits to look for tickers, e.g. pennystocks,stocks. Default: pennystocks, RobinHoodPennyStocks, Daytrading, StockMarket, stocks, investing, wallstreetbets.
  * -d : look for the tickers from those n past days. Default 1.

<img width="948" alt="popular" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/108917846-4dbe0400-7628-11eb-821e-9fda97a6d9cd.png">


## spac_c <a name="spac_c"></a>
```
usage: spac_c [-l N_LIMIT] [-p]
```
Print other users SPACs announcement under subreddit 'SPACs'. [Source: Reddit]
  * -l : limit of posts with SPACs retrieved. Default 10.
  * -p : popular flag, if true the posts retrieved are based on score rather than time. Default False.

<img width="936" alt="spac_c" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/108920571-c8891e00-762c-11eb-8da8-e2b775bc7109.png">


## spac <a name="spac"></a>
```
usage: spac [-h] [-l N_LIMIT] [-d N_DAYS]
```
Print other users SPACs announcement under subreddit 'SPACs'. [Source: Reddit]
  * -l : limit of posts with SPACs retrieved. Default 5.
  * -d : look for the tickers from those n past days.. Default 5.

<img width="939" alt="spac" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/108920696-04bc7e80-762d-11eb-896b-1b1c19903584.png">


# STOCKTWITS <a name="STOCKTWITS"></a>

## bullbear <a name="bullbear"></a>
```
usage: bullbear [-t S_TICKER]
```
Print bullbear sentiment based on last 30 messages on the board. Also prints the watchlist_count. [Source: Stocktwits]
  * -t : ticker to gather sentiment from.

<img width="934" alt="sentiment" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/108612307-42c46300-73df-11eb-9cec-253c8fb6d62f.png">


## messages <a name="messages"></a>
```
usage: messages [-t S_TICKER] [-l N_LIM]
```
Print up to 30 of the last messages on the board. [Source: Stocktwits]
  * -t : get board messages from this ticker. Default pre-loaded.
  * -l : limit messages shown. Default 30.

<img width="958" alt="messages" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/108612310-448e2680-73df-11eb-8fa8-b619c6269742.png">


## trending <a name="trending"></a>
```
usage: trending
```
Stocks trending. [Source: Stocktwits]

<img width="956" alt="trending" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/108612311-4526bd00-73df-11eb-840b-18829fcecdd3.png">


## stalker <a name="stalker"></a>
```
usage: stalker [-u S_USER] [-l N_LIM]
```
Print up to the last 30 messages of a user. [Source: Stocktwits]
  * -u : username. Default newsfilter.
  * -l : limit messages shown. Default 30.

<img width="943" alt="stalker" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/108612309-435cf980-73df-11eb-92c9-e9f15f966d8e.png">


# TWITTER <a name="TWITTER"></a>

## infer <a name="infer"></a>
```
usage: infer [-n N_NUM]
```
Print quick sentiment inference from last tweets that contain the ticker. This model splits the text into character-level tokens and uses the DistilBERT model to make predictions. DistilBERT is a distilled version of the powerful BERT transformer model. Not only time period of these, but also frequency. Inspired by https://towardsdatascience.com/sentiment-analysis-for-stock-price-prediction-in-python-bed40c65d178. [Source: Twitter]
  * -n : num of latest tweets to infer from. Default 100.

<img width="948" alt="Captura de ecrã 2021-02-22, às 00 18 22" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/108643679-808abf80-74a3-11eb-9b50-899be0a4799f.png">

## sentiment <a name="sentiment"></a>
```
usage: sentiment [-n N_NUM] [-d N_DAYS_PAST]
```
Plot in-depth sentiment extracted from tweets from last days that contain pre-defined ticker. This model splits the text into character-level tokens and uses the DistilBERT model to make predictions. DistilBERT is a distilled version of the powerful BERT transformer model. Note that a big num of tweets extracted per hour in conjunction with a high number of days in the past, will make the algorithm take a long period of time to estimate sentiment. Inspired by https://towardsdatascience.com/sentiment-analysis-for-stock-price-prediction-in-python-bed40c65d178. [Source: Twitter]
  * -n : num of tweets to extract per hour. Default 100.
  * -d : num of days in the past to extract tweets. Default 7.

<img width="949" alt="Captura de ecrã 2021-02-22, às 00 15 20" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/108643678-7ff22900-74a3-11eb-9bea-54f84ffe42e1.png">

![nvda](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/108643604-2ab61780-74a3-11eb-950b-ba0bbec8293e.png)

Additional examples:

![bb](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/108643608-2db10800-74a3-11eb-838c-3db6ec2be9aa.png)

![tsla](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/108643609-2e499e80-74a3-11eb-8fa8-489ea15b27c4.png)


# GOOGLE

## mentions <a name="mentions"></a>
```
usage: mentions [-s S_START]
```
Plot weekly bars of stock's interest over time. other users watchlist. [Source: Google]
  * -s : starting date (format YYYY-MM-DD) from when we are interested in stock's mentions. Default: the one provided in main menu.

![gme](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/108776894-e9813e80-755a-11eb-8b7e-654124c0ef8f.png)


## regions <a name="regions"></a>
```
usage: regions [-n N_NUM]
```
Plot bars of regions based on stock's interest. [Source: Google]
  * -n : number of regions to plot that show highest interest. Default 10.

![regions](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/108776889-e8e8a800-755a-11eb-8bcc-fcf7b6156f50.png)


## queries <a name="queries"></a>
```
usage: queries [-n N_NUM]
```
Print top related queries with this stock's query. [Source: Google]
  * -n : number of top related queries to print. Default 10.

<img width="937" alt="Captura de ecrã 2021-02-22, às 22 15 16" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/108777341-91970780-755b-11eb-985e-819285688eea.png">


## rise <a name="rise"></a>
```
usage: rise [-n N_NUM]
```
Print top rising related queries with this stock's query. [Source: Google]
  * -n : number of top rising related queries to print. Default 10.

<img width="934" alt="Captura de ecrã 2021-02-22, às 22 21 21" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25267873/108777814-4f21fa80-755c-11eb-96da-0327c9a0da57.png">
